NUC980 NuCWriter
------------------------
The NuCWriter is a command line programing tool for the NUC980 series. It¡¦s fully compatible to the NuWriter tool which is Windows UI mode. This document assume the reader is familiar with Nuvoton NuWriter tool and had read the document ¡§NUC980 NuWriter User Manual EN.pdf¡¨.
The purpose of NuCWriter is to help the NuWriter provide a command line mode alternative. The NuCWriter can be integrated to a batch file without user interactive, and it¡¦s what NuWriter cannot achieve.
The operation of NuCWriter follows the scenario specified in the input .ini file. Some example .ini files can be found in the <pattern> sub-directory.
NuCWriter returns 0 if all operations performed successfully, otherwise it returns a non-zero error code. 
NuCWriter supports pack image alos. It always perform verify in pack mode. The pack image should be generated by NuWriter UI tool.

## Features
- Support DRAM download and run
- Support program SPI NOR, SPI NAND, NAND flash, and SD 
- Support read SPI NOR, SPI NAND, NAND flash, and SD
- Support pack image program and verify

## Examples
- Dowload uboot.bin to DRAM and run
```sh
      C:\NuCWriter\Release\Win64> .\NuCWriter.exe ..\pattern\run_dram.ini
```
- Program spl, u-boot, env, and kernel image to NAND flash
```sh
      C:\NuCWriter\Release\Win64> .\NuCWriter.exe ..\pattern\run_nand.ini
```
- Program u-boot, env, and kernel image to SD0
```sh
      C:\NuCWriter\Release\Win64> .\NuCWriter.exe ..\pattern\run_sd.ini
```
- Program spl, u-boot, env, and kernel image to SPI NAND flash
```sh
      C:\NuCWriter\Release\Win64> .\NuCWriter.exe ..\pattern\run_spinand.ini
```
- Program u-boot, env, and kernel image to SPI NOR flash
```sh
      C:\NuCWriter\Release\Win64> .\NuCWriter.exe ..\pattern\run_spinor.ini
```
- Program env and kernel image to SPI NOR flash
```sh
      C:\NuCWriter\Release\Win64> .\NuCWriter.exe ..\pattern\run_spinor_firmware_update.ini
```
- Program pack image to NAND flash
```sh
      C:\NuCWriter\Release\Win64> .\NuCWriter.exe ..\pattern\pack_run_nand.ini
```
- Program pack image to SD0
```sh
      C:\NuCWriter\Release\Win64> .\NuCWriter.exe ..\pattern\pack_run_sd.ini
```
- Program pack image to SPI NOR flash
```sh
      C:\NuCWriter\Release\Win64> .\NuCWriter.exe ..\pattern\pack_run_spinor.ini
```
- Program pack image to SPI NAND flash
```sh
      C:\NuCWriter\Release\Win64> .\NuCWriter.exe ..\pattern\pack_run_spinand.ini
```






